Implement profile pic demo (#1)
reshufflehq/profile-pics: README.md

## About

A starting point for storing user profile pictures with Reshuffle Storage.

> Uses [react-dropzone](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-dropzone) for Drag n' drop uploads and [react-image-crop](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-image-crop) for cropping and scaling images in the browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Uses [react-dropzone](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-dropzone) for Drag'n'drop uploads and [react-image-crop](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-image-crop) for cropping and scaling images in the browser.
```
